# Project1
Student Management System
This project is designed to help teachers manage their students' grades. 
In this project, there is a login page and after logged in authorized visitors can add, delete, and edit information of teacher's accounts and student account. Users can only login to the system with information from the teacher's account page.
This project involves front-end and back-end
The front-end page provides an interface for users to use and present data.
For front-end development, I used vue3 as framework to ease my workload. Used HTML,CSS, and JAVASCRIPT to develop front-end page. To make the web page more pleasing-to-the-eye and make it easier to develop, I introduced UI tools from iView. Used Vue-Router to jump between multiple web pages. Used NMP to manage dependencies.
To pass data to back-end, I used Axios to pack data, and interact with back-end API by HTTP protoccol in the structure of JSON.
Back-end is responsible for managing data, do the logic part, and send processed data back to the front-ed.
For back-end development, I used python3 and Flask framework for development of logic. Used pip3 to manage dependeny packs. Used HTTP-Cookies to authorize user's browser. Used Flask-SQLAlchemy to connect interact with MySQL database.
Tools used for development: 'pycharm', postman,vueThis project is designed to help teachers manage their students' grades. In this project, there is a login page and after logged in authorized visitors can add, delete, and edit information of teacher's accounts and student account. Users can only login to the system with information from the teacher's account page. This project involves front-end and back-end The front-end page provides an interface for users to use and present data. For front-end development, I used vue3 as framework to ease my workload. Used HTML,CSS, and JAVASCRIPT to develop front-end page. To make the web page more pleasing-to-the-eye and make it easier to develop, I introduced UI tools from iView. Used Vue-Router to jump between multiple web pages. Used NMP to manage dependencies. To pass data to back-end, I used Axios to pack data, and interact with back-end API by HTTP protoccol in the structure of JSON. Back-end is responsible for managing data, do the logic part, and send processed data back to the front-ed. For back-end development, I used python3 and Flask framework for development of logic. Used pip3 to manage dependeny packs. Used HTTP-Cookies to authorize user's browser. Used Flask-SQLAlchemy to connect interact with MySQL database. Tools used for development: 'pycharm', postman,vue
Skills: Front-End Development · Back-End Web Development · MySQL · JavaScript · HTML · Python (Programming Language)
